Y
I have not seen creative ideas back
here with double hand ties from the
teacher are we no longer have to do
actions to finish then in the
let's bend the little tips of this
way we cut so that the friends in
the houses learn to do the most
leaning age and finally we're going to
hit the provokes epoxy funds to the
veneer I really love decorating with this
we can also do it with mass
flexible people place the upl and the
detail that you like but as
we have the image of the same tape
I love decorating them like this and finally
but we will place it to decorate
a simple braid with three ribbons that
has the colors in harmony harmony in
combination with him
or where we have the ankle here
braided 300 with double loop that
do for here
so that it is getting closer we are going to
perform now the second ones are the
objects that go to do this we go
to analysis and also what are the
material organists will need two
grosgrain ribbons number five stamped from
25 centimeters 4 gross ribbons number 5
one and 25 centimeters colors 5 ribbons
gross number 51 and color but of 13
centimeters a gross tape number 2 of
50 centimeters a gross tape number 2
40 centimeters another ribbon two ribbons
gross number 2 of 30 centimeters a
apply a hook and of course our
5 ok then let's start by placing
one of the colored ribbons on the
stamped stick
extreme and extreme extreme and a little bit
of silicon also in the center so that
the tape will not be released
and then let back to unite
the center sorry at the end
and we take it to the center what
we call
a double loop because it has two sides
thanks to the internal contrast if with
the tape we repeat the same
procedure with the patterned tape and
uni color all the tapes we're going to
Bend
in this way
to make the concrete tie even though you
telephone number 0424 96 17 361 the
phone number in our workshop
crafts 029 19 35 029 7 for more
information about our courses and also
of the courses the teachers are that
has a spectacular display of everything
what she has here with the least we are going
to have what are the spots and the guides
Loop sale if they wish and also
samples then of the different courses
that give advanced basic loops
intermediate also the different types
of braid to the headbands something good
well a well detailed well several times
giving in a variety of things for
you pay for the house then we go to
assemble the loop as follows
we are going to place silicone in the center and
we are going to do to paste it in the form of
X
now let's make the base of the loop
then we are going to paste in the center the
tapes also in the form of x are
decorated with the steep ribbon too
We have sale of tapes of all
disney princesses of many motives
that are that last and very moved
when we saw it the first cut what
is the wide range that has variety
and spectacular views of barbie the
we are seeing that we and good
being allies that these also the
tulas bndes to the back if it is now
we sell to be of such a part
per month per meter and per roll then
we continue loop decoration let's go
to hit a type 8 bow
in the center of the tie with which we have
made with the tape of 50 centimeters
with the 40-centimeter tape we place
we do the same procedure
and finally I wanted to show you here wings
as we are going to do the friends went down a
little bit more the hand we separate for the
appreciate we are going to make the bow 8 of
these and in these ways we double those of
the 18 we have to go for a break
finished here to go to the break
commercial
know how they're going to do it, always
they ask how you do that there you have to
make the 18 super easy and practical but
a small commercial break back to
our last segment and this program
super colorful with the sun teacher
sun creation called